# This wass full of a bunch of nonsense none the less it's gone.


Readme

    This is a fork and will possibly be edited to work within a larger marketing project/idea. Not so sure I have any chance
    of getting it all to work, let alone together. I am fovusing on individual parts right now and plan to put them all together
    and hope it works.
    
    What the greater project includs is parsing/scraping multiple review websites or at least one of the most popular.\
    Google reviews seem best because most people use their real names, this will make it easier to automatically message
    them after finding them by scrapping/parsing facebook by name and city, then either adding them or looking at friends
    list, ideally people interact with. Then targeting those people with an ad basically, "Did you know X left a 5 star
    reviews ar Y". It's like the Jones ot Smiths if you ever had a sales job or door to door/both, just a more current
    version. 
    
    May try out other social media as well, Instagram, Twitter and whatever else is popular and somehow can find
    some of the people and their contacts. If not just messaging the reviewer could also have endless potential.
    
    Basically it works on the idea that people hate being outdone by others. If your neighbor bought something they
    are going to want to as well or more likley up them and buy two or upgrade. If a friend gets a message (does not
    nessasairly need to be true either) explaining their buddy gave 5 stars to a restuarant on Yelp, (perhaps also
    during this attach coupons) they are going to feel more inclined to go to that resturant weather unconscious
    or consciously making the decision their is a much better chance they will actually stop at X resturant, or
    go shopping at Y store, buy a Z purse, anything.
    
    I would not be dissmissave of doing the entire thing based on bullsh*t lies, checking a friend making a fake review,
    use their images on a fake review account, I don't really care, just seems like this should be a thing and 
    have not heard of anything doing this specifically. 
